New issue

Have a question about this project? Sign up for a free GitHub account to open an issue and contact its maintainers and the community.

By clicking “Sign up for GitHub”, you agree to our terms of service and privacy statement. We’ll occasionally send you account related emails.

Already on GitHub? Sign in to your account

Sprint January 5th #77

Closed
RichardLitt opened this Issue Jan 3, 2016 · 31 comments

Comments

Projects
None yet
9 participants
@RichardLitt
Member

RichardLitt commented Jan 3, 2016

Sprint January 5th

Sprint Goals

TBD

Sprint Discussions

Schedule

Please take notes in a separate pad, if you can, and link it here.

Endeavour Lead Time (PDT - UTC/Z - CET) Pad
Apps on IPFS Juan Benet 10:30PDT 18:30Z 19:30CET https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/ipfs-jan-5-apps-on-ipfs
api Richard Littauer 11:00PDT 19:00Z 20:00CET https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/ipfs-jan-5-api
libp2p David Dias 11:30PDT 19:30Z 20:30CET https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/ipfs-jan-5-libp2p
js-ipfs David Dias 12:00PDT 20:00Z 21:00CET https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/ipfs-jan-5-js-ipfs
go-ipfs Jeromy Johnson 12:30PDT 20:30Z 21:30CET https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/ipfs-jan-5-go-ipfs

January 6th, Wednesday

Infrastructure has been moved to Wednesday due to @lgierth not being able to make Tuesday.

Endeavour Lead Time (PDT - UTC/Z - CET) Pad
infrastructure Lars Gierth 11:00PDT 19:00Z 20:00CET https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/ipfs-jan-6-infrastructure

Please add the Agenda to the Pad before the endeavour sprint starts.

Sprint Deliverables

  • Add your tasks below in a comment, that way we only have people listed who are really in the sprint
  • Add links to issues down here. Only add things you can finish this sprint.

Before edit: Is it ok if we switch the sprint to Tuesday this week, so that @jbenet can make it? Please let us know here.

@dignifiedquire

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@dignifiedquire

dignifiedquire Jan 3, 2016

Member

Fine with me

Member

dignifiedquire commented Jan 3, 2016

Fine with me

@kyledrake

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@kyledrake

kyledrake Jan 3, 2016

Member

That works better for me too, I'm heading back on Monday.

Member

kyledrake commented Jan 3, 2016

That works better for me too, I'm heading back on Monday.

@lgierth

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@lgierth

lgierth Jan 3, 2016

Member

I'll be visiting my grandma all of tuesday (she's turning 80) -- we can do infrastructure on wednesday?

Member

lgierth commented Jan 3, 2016

I'll be visiting my grandma all of tuesday (she's turning 80) -- we can do infrastructure on wednesday?

@diasdavid

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@diasdavid

diasdavid Jan 3, 2016

Member

SGTM :)

Member

diasdavid commented Jan 3, 2016

SGTM :)

@RichardLitt

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@RichardLitt

RichardLitt Jan 3, 2016

Member

@lgierth Infrastructure on Wednesday sounds fine to me. Same time?

Member

RichardLitt commented Jan 3, 2016

@lgierth Infrastructure on Wednesday sounds fine to me. Same time?

@RichardLitt

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@RichardLitt

RichardLitt Jan 4, 2016

Member

Alright. Sprint officially moved to January 5th.

Member

RichardLitt commented Jan 4, 2016

Alright. Sprint officially moved to January 5th.

@diasdavid diasdavid added the sprint label Jan 5, 2016

@diasdavid

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@diasdavid

diasdavid Jan 5, 2016

Member

Apps on IPFS

Lead: @jbenet, @dignifiedquire

Agenda

  • registry-mirror
  • waiting on 0.4.0 rc-1
  • python-ipfs-api
    • needs to get updated to know how to use the Files-API
    • unblock ipfs/notes#93
  • webui
  • Release Process ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui#167
  • station
  • plan for 1.0.0
  • bundle IPFS daemon + js-ipfs-api to avoid avoc of version incompatibility (also use $HOME/.ipfs-station as default repo)

You have 30 minutes for this agenda, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

Participants

Notes

  • registry-mirror plans
  • post install script
  • Tahoe-LAFS using IPFS as a Storage Backend
  • ipfs/notes#93
  • webui
  • release channels
  • ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui#167
  • match webui to API versions
  • station
  • bundle and ship 🚢

TODOs:

  • ask py-ipfs team to help get python-ipfs-api updated
  • outline pros of tahoe/ipfs integrations
  • pick up tor+ipfs work (cc david415)
  • latest vs stable webui comments (@jbenet) in ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui#167
Member

diasdavid commented Jan 5, 2016

Apps on IPFS

Lead: @jbenet, @dignifiedquire

Agenda

  • registry-mirror
  • waiting on 0.4.0 rc-1
  • python-ipfs-api
    • needs to get updated to know how to use the Files-API
    • unblock ipfs/notes#93
  • webui
  • Release Process ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui#167
  • station
  • plan for 1.0.0
  • bundle IPFS daemon + js-ipfs-api to avoid avoc of version incompatibility (also use $HOME/.ipfs-station as default repo)

You have 30 minutes for this agenda, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

Participants

Notes

  • registry-mirror plans
  • post install script
  • Tahoe-LAFS using IPFS as a Storage Backend
  • ipfs/notes#93
  • webui
  • release channels
  • ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui#167
  • match webui to API versions
  • station
  • bundle and ship 🚢

TODOs:

  • ask py-ipfs team to help get python-ipfs-api updated
  • outline pros of tahoe/ipfs integrations
  • pick up tor+ipfs work (cc david415)
  • latest vs stable webui comments (@jbenet) in ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui#167
@diasdavid

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@diasdavid

diasdavid Jan 5, 2016

Member

IPFS API

Lead: Richard Littauer

Agenda

  • API spec and API functionality disparity ipfs/http-api-spec#14
    "It's hard, because I'm not always sure whether something is either not fully specified in the CLI, not available as an easy curl request and I can't make it work, not available at all in go-ipfs (but it should be), or simply something that shouldn't be in the API (why would you want a daemon to run, for instance?). I'm still not sure how to adequately answer this question for these cases."
  • Moving to Specs Repo ipfs/http-api-spec#11
  • Adding curl to descriptions ipfs/http-api-spec#13 (comment)
  • Code Review in general ipfs/http-api-spec#13 (comment)

You have 30 minutes for this agenda, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

Participants

Notes

  • CR the API PR ipfs/http-api-spec#13 (priority)
  • move to specs repo
  • add curl to descriptions
  • Add possibility to have mult langauges (multilang or multisource) for each test case
  • add tests
  • Move into another branch for spec, current will be in main branch
  • @chriscool: see if we can get sharness test for curl
  • Go through and standardise formatting for go-ipfs helps
  • Make sure headers and everything is cool
Member

diasdavid commented Jan 5, 2016

IPFS API

Lead: Richard Littauer

Agenda

  • API spec and API functionality disparity ipfs/http-api-spec#14
    "It's hard, because I'm not always sure whether something is either not fully specified in the CLI, not available as an easy curl request and I can't make it work, not available at all in go-ipfs (but it should be), or simply something that shouldn't be in the API (why would you want a daemon to run, for instance?). I'm still not sure how to adequately answer this question for these cases."
  • Moving to Specs Repo ipfs/http-api-spec#11
  • Adding curl to descriptions ipfs/http-api-spec#13 (comment)
  • Code Review in general ipfs/http-api-spec#13 (comment)

You have 30 minutes for this agenda, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

Participants

Notes

  • CR the API PR ipfs/http-api-spec#13 (priority)
  • move to specs repo
  • add curl to descriptions
  • Add possibility to have mult langauges (multilang or multisource) for each test case
  • add tests
  • Move into another branch for spec, current will be in main branch
  • @chriscool: see if we can get sharness test for curl
  • Go through and standardise formatting for go-ipfs helps
  • Make sure headers and everything is cool
@diasdavid

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@diasdavid

diasdavid Jan 5, 2016

Member

libp2p

Lead: David Dias

Agenda

You have 30 minutes for this agenda, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

Participants

Notes

  • vendor go-libp2p for 0.4.0
  • protobuf is huge, but we can have a -lite version just for JS (check Mathias version)
  • roadmap now is to get swarm to interop, then Peer Routing interop
  • secio is going to be deprecated, no need to implement in JS
  • the first CurveCP implementation, incorporated into the Networking and Cryptography library (NaCl), entered public alpha testing on 21 February 2011
  • write captain.log
Member

diasdavid commented Jan 5, 2016

libp2p

Lead: David Dias

Agenda

You have 30 minutes for this agenda, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

Participants

Notes

  • vendor go-libp2p for 0.4.0
  • protobuf is huge, but we can have a -lite version just for JS (check Mathias version)
  • roadmap now is to get swarm to interop, then Peer Routing interop
  • secio is going to be deprecated, no need to implement in JS
  • the first CurveCP implementation, incorporated into the Networking and Cryptography library (NaCl), entered public alpha testing on 21 February 2011
  • write captain.log
@diasdavid

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@diasdavid

diasdavid Jan 5, 2016

Member

js-ipfs

Lead: David Dias

Agenda

You have 30 minutes for this agenda, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

Participants

Notes

  • data-importing
  • tar importer and not chunker
  • we should be able to do perf benchmarks
  • dedup tests
  • linux kernel
  • npm modules
  • .app example
  • bitswap
    IPLD spec ipfs/specs#37
  • ipfs/specs#37 (comment)
    implement in JS the same thing that bitswap does in go currently
    in 0.4.0 add multicodec on the wire on bitswap (@whyrusleeping to check this)
  • kv on top of the MerkleDAG (like the files-api) (discuss)
  • write captain.log
Member

diasdavid commented Jan 5, 2016

js-ipfs

Lead: David Dias

Agenda

You have 30 minutes for this agenda, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

Participants

Notes

  • data-importing
  • tar importer and not chunker
  • we should be able to do perf benchmarks
  • dedup tests
  • linux kernel
  • npm modules
  • .app example
  • bitswap
    IPLD spec ipfs/specs#37
  • ipfs/specs#37 (comment)
    implement in JS the same thing that bitswap does in go currently
    in 0.4.0 add multicodec on the wire on bitswap (@whyrusleeping to check this)
  • kv on top of the MerkleDAG (like the files-api) (discuss)
  • write captain.log
@diasdavid

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@diasdavid

diasdavid Jan 5, 2016

Member

David Dias TODO

Note: Due to traveling to 3 countries during this Sprint and the fact that it is starting one day late, my predictions are probably off off

Member

diasdavid commented Jan 5, 2016

David Dias TODO

Note: Due to traveling to 3 countries during this Sprint and the fact that it is starting one day late, my predictions are probably off off

@lgierth

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@lgierth

lgierth Jan 5, 2016

Member

@lgierth TODO

  • 0.4.0
    • v04x.ipfs.io and v03x.ipfs.io
    • more v03x nodes (3 out of 8 now) ipfs/ops-requests#3
    • discuss migration plan with users
    • have ipfs.io resolve both v03x and v04x (whichever responds success fast)
  • infrastructure
  • wishlist
    • set up buildbot worker for Tahoe-LAFS (didn't hear back)
Member

lgierth commented Jan 5, 2016

@lgierth TODO

  • 0.4.0
    • v04x.ipfs.io and v03x.ipfs.io
    • more v03x nodes (3 out of 8 now) ipfs/ops-requests#3
    • discuss migration plan with users
    • have ipfs.io resolve both v03x and v04x (whichever responds success fast)
  • infrastructure
  • wishlist
    • set up buildbot worker for Tahoe-LAFS (didn't hear back)
@dignifiedquire

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@dignifiedquire

dignifiedquire Jan 5, 2016

Member

@dignifiedquire Todo

Webui

  • More tests
  • CR contributions
  • Initiate new distribution setup
  • Work on the new design

Distributions

  • Add build step for the new site
  • Finish missing design implementations
  • Ship it
Member

dignifiedquire commented Jan 5, 2016

@dignifiedquire Todo

Webui

  • More tests
  • CR contributions
  • Initiate new distribution setup
  • Work on the new design

Distributions

  • Add build step for the new site
  • Finish missing design implementations
  • Ship it
@RichardLitt

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@RichardLitt

RichardLitt Jan 6, 2016

Member

go-ipfs

Lead: @whyrusleeping

Agenda

  • release process
  • create a concrete plan for what has to happen during a release, things like:
  • notify users with new features, bug fixes, etc)
  • always make a release candidate so that all the client libraries can be upgraded accordingly
  • write this process on the go-ipfs API
  • sharding discussion
  • ipfs/specs#32

You have 30 minutes for this agenda, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

Participants

Notes

fix deadlock
more speed!

0.3.11 RC-1

0.4.0 release

After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue
Member

RichardLitt commented Jan 6, 2016

go-ipfs

Lead: @whyrusleeping

Agenda

  • release process
  • create a concrete plan for what has to happen during a release, things like:
  • notify users with new features, bug fixes, etc)
  • always make a release candidate so that all the client libraries can be upgraded accordingly
  • write this process on the go-ipfs API
  • sharding discussion
  • ipfs/specs#32

You have 30 minutes for this agenda, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

Participants

Notes

fix deadlock
more speed!

0.3.11 RC-1

0.4.0 release

After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue
@RichardLitt

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@RichardLitt

RichardLitt Jan 6, 2016

Member

To Do

Minimal assignment:

  • Sprint Management
  • Write the weekly roundup; launch it.
  • IPFS API
    • Split into current functions master branch and expected spec branch.
      • Add a link to the api from the specs repo
    • Add curl commands to all method descriptions
    • Check all responses have maximal entries
      • Log any errors in go-ipfs
    • Standardize formatting for ipfs --help entries, basing on 0.4
    • Open an issue about sharness testing.
    • Open a feature issue about having multiple language implementations for curl requests
    • Hope Get sharness testing working
  • Hope Research PATENTS.md strategies
Member

RichardLitt commented Jan 6, 2016

To Do

Minimal assignment:

  • Sprint Management
  • Write the weekly roundup; launch it.
  • IPFS API
    • Split into current functions master branch and expected spec branch.
      • Add a link to the api from the specs repo
    • Add curl commands to all method descriptions
    • Check all responses have maximal entries
      • Log any errors in go-ipfs
    • Standardize formatting for ipfs --help entries, basing on 0.4
    • Open an issue about sharness testing.
    • Open a feature issue about having multiple language implementations for curl requests
    • Hope Get sharness testing working
  • Hope Research PATENTS.md strategies
@RichardLitt

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@RichardLitt

RichardLitt Jan 11, 2016

Member

This Week

Summary: Not a very productive week for me this week, for a variety of reasons, mostly travel related and because it was a short week and I had a lot of admin stuff. I know what I'm doing, just running behind a bit.

  • Sprint Management
  • [~] Write the weekly roundup; launch it.
  • IPFS API
    • Split into current functions master branch and expected spec branch.
      • Add a link to the api from the specs repo
    • Add curl commands to all method descriptions
    • Check all responses have maximal entries
      • Log any errors in go-ipfs
    • Standardize formatting for ipfs --help entries, basing on 0.4
    • Open an issue about sharness testing.
    • Open a feature issue about having multiple language implementations for curl requests
    • Hope Get sharness testing working
  • Hope Research PATENTS.md strategies

Extra

Member

RichardLitt commented Jan 11, 2016

This Week

Summary: Not a very productive week for me this week, for a variety of reasons, mostly travel related and because it was a short week and I had a lot of admin stuff. I know what I'm doing, just running behind a bit.

  • Sprint Management
  • [~] Write the weekly roundup; launch it.
  • IPFS API
    • Split into current functions master branch and expected spec branch.
      • Add a link to the api from the specs repo
    • Add curl commands to all method descriptions
    • Check all responses have maximal entries
      • Log any errors in go-ipfs
    • Standardize formatting for ipfs --help entries, basing on 0.4
    • Open an issue about sharness testing.
    • Open a feature issue about having multiple language implementations for curl requests
    • Hope Get sharness testing working
  • Hope Research PATENTS.md strategies

Extra

@dignifiedquire

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@dignifiedquire

dignifiedquire Jan 11, 2016

Member

@dignifiedquire Sprint Update

Webui

  • [~] More tests
  • [~] CR contributions
  • Initiate new distribution setup
  • Work on the new design
  • [x] Fix issues due to babel upgrade (ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui@208e5d1)

Distributions

Archives

CR

  • [x] Lots of PRs from @RichardLitt that I don't have the links to anymore
Member

dignifiedquire commented Jan 11, 2016

@dignifiedquire Sprint Update

Webui

  • [~] More tests
  • [~] CR contributions
  • Initiate new distribution setup
  • Work on the new design
  • [x] Fix issues due to babel upgrade (ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui@208e5d1)

Distributions

Archives

CR

  • [x] Lots of PRs from @RichardLitt that I don't have the links to anymore
@lgierth

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@lgierth

lgierth Jan 11, 2016

Member

@lgierth sprint update

I've been away for a day visiting my grandma (she turned 80). The ipfs.io v03x/v04x thing is on its way, and I'm very happy to start getting rid of Ansible.

  • 0.4.0
    • v04x.ipfs.io and v03x.ipfs.io
    • more v04x nodes (3 out of 8 now) ipfs/ops-requests#3
    • discuss migration plan with users
    • * have ipfs.io resolve both v03x and v04x (whichever responds success faster)
      • dead-simple replacement for ansible (aka Provsn)
      • [~] deploy ipfs using provsn
  • infrastructure
  • work through email backlog
  • wishlist
    • set up buildbot worker for Tahoe-LAFS (didn't hear back)
Member

lgierth commented Jan 11, 2016

@lgierth sprint update

I've been away for a day visiting my grandma (she turned 80). The ipfs.io v03x/v04x thing is on its way, and I'm very happy to start getting rid of Ansible.

  • 0.4.0
    • v04x.ipfs.io and v03x.ipfs.io
    • more v04x nodes (3 out of 8 now) ipfs/ops-requests#3
    • discuss migration plan with users
    • * have ipfs.io resolve both v03x and v04x (whichever responds success faster)
      • dead-simple replacement for ansible (aka Provsn)
      • [~] deploy ipfs using provsn
  • infrastructure
  • work through email backlog
  • wishlist
    • set up buildbot worker for Tahoe-LAFS (didn't hear back)
@whyrusleeping

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@whyrusleeping

whyrusleeping Jan 11, 2016

Member
  • libp2p example for @diasdavid
  • fix and test set/append data for ipfs object patch
  • cleanup mfs code a bit, refactoring how it pins
  • [~] ipfs files flush
  • let @mafintosh convince me to go to svalbard for arcticphp
  • paris?
  • distibutions build script nearly done, just some small cleanup to do
Member

whyrusleeping commented Jan 11, 2016

  • libp2p example for @diasdavid
  • fix and test set/append data for ipfs object patch
  • cleanup mfs code a bit, refactoring how it pins
  • [~] ipfs files flush
  • let @mafintosh convince me to go to svalbard for arcticphp
  • paris?
  • distibutions build script nearly done, just some small cleanup to do
@diasdavid

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@diasdavid

diasdavid Jan 11, 2016

Member

SPRINT CHECK IN

This week hasn't been super productive for me code wise, missing a flight, losing my bag, having to buy some cloths (not knowing when my bag was going to get back) and travelling to two countries in a sprint that was shortened by one day made me feel that I was leaking time everywhere.

One of the outcomes of all this travelling, that might me useful for others, is that we started a awesome list for hacking spots in cities (It has been really hard to get good internet or internet at all in Paris)

https://github.com/diasdavid/awesome-hacking-spots

Member

diasdavid commented Jan 11, 2016

SPRINT CHECK IN

This week hasn't been super productive for me code wise, missing a flight, losing my bag, having to buy some cloths (not knowing when my bag was going to get back) and travelling to two countries in a sprint that was shortened by one day made me feel that I was leaking time everywhere.

One of the outcomes of all this travelling, that might me useful for others, is that we started a awesome list for hacking spots in cities (It has been really hard to get good internet or internet at all in Paris)

https://github.com/diasdavid/awesome-hacking-spots

@jbenet

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@jbenet

jbenet Jan 11, 2016

Member

This week I've been working through my large holiday backlog, reconnecting with various people in the IPFS periphery, and handling many start of year organizational things. Lots of email. Haven't made it to github proper yet. Sorry-- if any PRs need my pressing comments, CR, please bring them up to me via IRC or https://github.com/jbenet/todo

  • whittled backlog
  • lots of IPFS related email
  • worked on PRs with @RichardLitt, discussed various community things
  • [~] IPLD spec work with @mildred -- i still need to do more here this.
    • finalize IPLD
  • latest vs stable webui comments (@jbenet) in ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui#167 -- didnt get to this
  • lots of protocol labs org things
Member

jbenet commented Jan 11, 2016

This week I've been working through my large holiday backlog, reconnecting with various people in the IPFS periphery, and handling many start of year organizational things. Lots of email. Haven't made it to github proper yet. Sorry-- if any PRs need my pressing comments, CR, please bring them up to me via IRC or https://github.com/jbenet/todo

  • whittled backlog
  • lots of IPFS related email
  • worked on PRs with @RichardLitt, discussed various community things
  • [~] IPLD spec work with @mildred -- i still need to do more here this.
    • finalize IPLD
  • latest vs stable webui comments (@jbenet) in ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui#167 -- didnt get to this
  • lots of protocol labs org things
@noffle

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@noffle

noffle Jan 11, 2016

Contributor

I've just been trying to ramp up on everything (reading lots of specs over the holidays!), and figure out what I'm going to be focusing my efforts on for Q1. I expect to be bugging you all a lot over the coming weeks!

Contributor

noffle commented Jan 11, 2016

I've just been trying to ramp up on everything (reading lots of specs over the holidays!), and figure out what I'm going to be focusing my efforts on for Q1. I expect to be bugging you all a lot over the coming weeks!

@jbenet

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@jbenet

jbenet Jan 11, 2016

Member

@noffle 👍 :)

Member

jbenet commented Jan 11, 2016

@noffle 👍 :)

@jbenet jbenet removed the sprint label Jan 11, 2016

@diasdavid

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@diasdavid

diasdavid Jan 11, 2016

Member

@RichardLitt getting back to you on the star:

🌟Now you can do npm i -g js-ipfs and use jsipfs bootstrap + id + version commands, fully compatible with go-ipfs repo

:)

Member

diasdavid commented Jan 11, 2016

@RichardLitt getting back to you on the star:

🌟Now you can do npm i -g js-ipfs and use jsipfs bootstrap + id + version commands, fully compatible with go-ipfs repo

:)

@RichardLitt

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
Member

RichardLitt commented Jan 11, 2016

@whyrusleeping

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@whyrusleeping

whyrusleeping Jan 11, 2016

Member

no star, i don't do anything that interesting

Member

whyrusleeping commented Jan 11, 2016

no star, i don't do anything that interesting

@dignifiedquire

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@dignifiedquire

dignifiedquire Jan 11, 2016

Member

⭐️ distributions page

Member

dignifiedquire commented Jan 11, 2016

⭐️ distributions page

@noffle

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@noffle

noffle Jan 11, 2016

Contributor

@diasdavid that's awesome! Just tried it! +💯

Contributor

noffle commented Jan 11, 2016

@diasdavid that's awesome! Just tried it! +💯

@lgierth

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@lgierth

lgierth Jan 11, 2016

Member

@lgierth what's yours?

added - the work-in-progress dev040 migration

Member

lgierth commented Jan 11, 2016

@lgierth what's yours?

added - the work-in-progress dev040 migration

@jbenet

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@jbenet

jbenet Jan 12, 2016

Member
  • ⭐️ (specs) much debate in the IPLD spec about pathing notation.
Member

jbenet commented Jan 12, 2016

  • ⭐️ (specs) much debate in the IPLD spec about pathing notation.
@chriscool

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@chriscool

chriscool Jan 12, 2016

Contributor
Contributor

chriscool commented Jan 12, 2016

Sign up for free to join this conversation on GitHub. Already have an account? Sign in to comment